adds sigma as SL integration (#6670)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-partner-links.md

    </a>
</div>

<div className="card-container">
  <Card
    title="Sigma (Preview)"

>     body="Connect Sigma to the dbt Semantic Layer for centralized, scalable analytics."

Author: ```suggestion
    body="Connect Sigma to the dbt Semantic Layer to allow you to leverage your predefined dbt metrics in Sigma workbooks."
```
